but there certainly are a lot of people
in the Democratic Party who essentially
urged the party I mean this makes no
sense in terms of electoral model of
politics because the other party should
be able to just leap frogging and go
back to that vast 40 or 50 percent of
the population you're ignoring but if
you think politics is driven by cash and
then you run in an electoral system
after sort of setting up your basic sort
of cash contributions financial
interests and power bloc arrangement
then what you get you can be absolutely
sure the Republican Party is not going
to run to your left so you're gonna
effectively if you want to and got some
estimate of how many votes you'll lose
on your left just move to the right and
in effect turn the Democratic Party into
a close to a carbon copy of the
Republicans and essentially compete with
the four conservative Republican votes